hey guys it's page and it's the first
ones Dave June so that means today is
asked page number four okay filled our
water they're both really important so I
can't choose between the two would I
rather meet one direction or Justin
Bieber probably justin bieber i started
watching his videos when he had 30,000
subscribers and so just like you know
being able to be like hey I've been
watching your videos and I've been a fan
since 2009 and like just like telling
him you know like that I've been there
for him without setting stalkerish yeah
if I were a boy oh and my name be Tyrone
no um I don't know like what's a good
boy named comment below if I was a boy
what would you guys Navy's do you play
any instruments I played the flute in
like fifth grade but I didn't like it so
I quit but now I'm starting to wonder
how to apply the guitar and I sing if I
could eat any food for this the rest of
my life what would it be and why a
sandwich because you can put anything on
that sandwich you want and see okay I
don't like a lot of stuff I'm kind of a
picky eater and so um I don't usually
have ham cheese in mayo or miracle whip
or whatever you want to call it um on my
sandwich but if I ever found something
else I liked I could put it on that
sound what are the funniest our most
embarrassing stories your family tells
about you I can't really think of what
they say but I remember that I was in
like first and second grade I used to
have those like little crushes you know
and when all my family would come I
would walk out into my living room and
they're my parents would be with my
class picture well my mom and she'd be
showing my family at my Christ and she'd
be like pointing out the boy and why why
it was so embarrassing I'd like run back
into my room and I wouldn't
four hours I got so embarrassed what are
you proudest up in your life that's a
really hard question i have a lot of
accomplishments that I've made
throughout the years but I think it's
just the person that I became I have had
so many things happen to me from
scholastic achievements and different
awards and then I've had bad things
happen to me also and as everything
that's happened to me has shaped who i
am today and I'm just proud of the
person i became is there anything you've
never told anyone but would like to tell
us now oh my gosh that's hard i think
yes so and about okay i don't know what
youre was but whenever tailors this
video came out of you belong with me
there was that guy named lucas till and
i was obsessed him and I don't like
anybody's ever toned up before he was
like myself every crushed for a year
that's not something that I guess you
guys probably think I would say but I've
never told anyone that before I don't
think could you post a video of you I
want your dance competitions um I don't
have any videos sorry a lot of the times
they say like no video taping or flash
photography so I don't have anything you
would you rather be boiled to death or
drown that's a lovely question okay I
can't even who would want to be boiled
to death and who would want to get
drowned I guess I want to drown because
water and you don't like I think you
kind of happened fast but like being
boiled to death if like sit there and
like huh and then you're like died help
crap
when did your summer start I go to
school on May twenty-fourth who's your
favorite YouTube friend that's a boy
Jeffrey yeah who is your favorite
youtuber that's a girl I have a lot got
Kelsey or Carly a lot of you probably
like I don't know who that is but they
don't make video stars so yeah do you
like doing a video star or using your
laptop to edit ok the whole reason I
started using video star was because I
didn't have a camera at the time and
then it just kind of became like really
easy but then I miss any of my laptop so
I am starting to do that again I have
been procrastinating adding a video but
i'm using sony vegas pro it'll be
uploaded some time that's it for today
if you enjoyed this video make sure to
give it a thumbs up whoops don't forget
to subscribe also leave questions below
in the comments for my ass page number 5
which would be on the first wednesday of
july shout-out to my main peasant
lindsay if you're watching this well
that's it enjoy your week have fun just
have fun the summer yourself go wild
this is an ass page what am i doing I
don't know bye